Update README.md (#19369)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: README.md

# Metasploit Framework

The Metasploit Framework is an open-source tool released under a BSD-style license. For detailed licensing information, refer to the `COPYING` file.

## Latest Version
Access the latest version of Metasploit from the [Nightly Installers](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/using-metasploit/getting-started/nightly-installers.html) page.

## Documentation
Comprehensive documentation, including usage guides, is available at [Metasploit Docs](https://docs.metasploit.com/).

## Development Environment
To set up a development environment, visit the [Development Setup Guide](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/development/get-started/setting-up-a-metasploit-development-environment.html).

## Bug and Feature Requests

> Submit bugs and feature requests via the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/issues) tracker. New submissions can be made through the [MSF-BUGv1 form](https://r-7.co/MSF-BUGv1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit bugs and feature requests via the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/issues) tracker. New submissions can be made through the [MSF-BUGv1 form](https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/issues/new/choose).
```

## API Documentation
For information on writing modules, refer to the [API Documentation](https://docs.metasploit.com/api/).

## Support and Communication
For questions and suggestions, join the Freenode IRC channel or contact the metasploit-hackers mailing list.

---

## Installing Metasploit

### Recommended Installation

> Use the free installer, which includes all dependencies and provides a simple setup process. For a manual setup, consult the [Dev Environment Setup](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/development/get-started/setting-up-a-metasploit-development-environment.html) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend installation with the [official Metasploit installers](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/using-metasploit/getting-started/nightly-installers.html#installing-metasploit-on-linux--macos) on Linux or macOS. Metasploit is also pre-installed with Kali.

For a manual setup, consult the [Dev Environment Setup](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/development/get-started/setting-up-a-metasploit-development-environment.html) guide.
```

## Using Metasploit

To get started with Metasploit:

1. **Start `msfconsole`:** This is the primary interface for interacting with Metasploit.
2. **Explore Resources:** 

>    - Read [Metasploit Unleashed](https://www.offensive-security.com/metasploit-unleashed/) for an in-depth guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
